c:\Users\hansd\CORE\School\IT2\ØVELSE\Random\Mandelbroth Set\bin\Debug\net8.0\Mandelbroth Set.exe
c:\Users\hansd\CORE\School\IT2\ØVELSE\Random\Mandelbroth Set\bin\Debug\net8.0\Mandelbroth Set.deps.json
c:\Users\hansd\CORE\School\IT2\ØVELSE\Random\Mandelbroth Set\bin\Debug\net8.0\Mandelbroth Set.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\hansd\CORE\School\IT2\ØVELSE\Random\Mandelbroth Set\bin\Debug\net8.0\Mandelbroth Set.dll
c:\Users\hansd\CORE\School\IT2\ØVELSE\Random\Mandelbroth Set\bin\Debug\net8.0\Mandelbroth Set.pdb
c:\Users\hansd\CORE\School\IT2\ØVELSE\Random\Mandelbroth Set\bin\Debug\net8.0\Raylib-cs.dll
c:\Users\hansd\CORE\School\IT2\ØVELSE\Random\Mandelbroth Set\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libraylib.so
c:\Users\hansd\CORE\School\IT2\ØVELSE\Random\Mandelbroth Set\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\hansd\CORE\School\IT2\ØVELSE\Random\Mandelbroth Set\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\hansd\CORE\School\IT2\ØVELSE\Random\Mandelbroth Set\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\hansd\CORE\School\IT2\ØVELSE\Random\Mandelbroth Set\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\hansd\CORE\School\IT2\ØVELSE\Random\Mandelbroth Set\obj\Debug\net8.0\Mandelbroth Set.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\hansd\CORE\School\IT2\ØVELSE\Random\Mandelbroth Set\obj\Debug\net8.0\Mandelbroth Set.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\hansd\CORE\School\IT2\ØVELSE\Random\Mandelbroth Set\obj\Debug\net8.0\Mandelbroth Set.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\hansd\CORE\School\IT2\ØVELSE\Random\Mandelbroth Set\obj\Debug\net8.0\Mandelbroth Set.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\hansd\CORE\School\IT2\ØVELSE\Random\Mandelbroth Set\obj\Debug\net8.0\Mandelbroth Set.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\hansd\CORE\School\IT2\ØVELSE\Random\Mandelbroth Set\obj\Debug\net8.0\Mandelbr.BABE231F.Up2Date
c:\Users\hansd\CORE\School\IT2\ØVELSE\Random\Mandelbroth Set\obj\Debug\net8.0\Mandelbroth Set.dll
c:\Users\hansd\CORE\School\IT2\ØVELSE\Random\Mandelbroth Set\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Mandelbroth Set.dll
c:\Users\hansd\CORE\School\IT2\ØVELSE\Random\Mandelbroth Set\obj\Debug\net8.0\Mandelbroth Set.pdb
c:\Users\hansd\CORE\School\IT2\ØVELSE\Random\Mandelbroth Set\obj\Debug\net8.0\Mandelbroth Set.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\hansd\CORE\School\IT2\ØVELSE\Random\Mandelbroth Set\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Mandelbroth Set.dll
